[feat] Add new logging handler for sending test data in JSON to an HTTP server (#1964)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/config_reference.rst

   This can either be of the form ``<host>:<port>`` or simply a path that refers to a Unix domain socket.

---------------------------
The ``httpjson`` log handler
---------------------------

This handler sends log records in JSON format to a server using HTTP POST requests.
The additional properties for the ``httpjson`` handler are the following:

.. js:attribute:: .logging[].handlers[].uri

.. object:: .logging[].handlers_perflog[].uri

   :required: Yes

>    The uri to be used in the http(s) request server defined as ``http(s)://host:port/url``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The URI to be used in the HTTP(S) request server defined as ``schema://host:port/path``.
```

.. js:attribute:: .logging[].handlers[].extras

.. object:: .logging[].handlers_perflog[].extras

   :required: No
   :default: ``{}``

   A set of optional key/value pairs to be passed with each log record to the server.
   These may depend on the server configuration.

> This log handler uses internally `requests <https://pypi.org/project/requests/>`__.

Reviewer: I don't think that this information is useful for the user documentation.

> The ``httpjson`` handler sends log messages in JSON format using an HTTP POST request to the specified uri.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``httpjson`` handler sends log messages in JSON format using an HTTP POST request to the specified URI.
```

An example configuration of this handler for performance logging is shown here:

.. code:: python

   {
       'type': 'httpjson',
       'address': 'http://httpjson-server:12345/rfm',
       'level': 'info',
       'format': '%(message)s',
       'extras': {
           'facility': 'reframe',
           'data-version': '1.0'
       }
   }

> Although the ``format`` is defined for this handler, it is not only the log message that will be transmitted.

Reviewer: Do we need to set the `format`?
